### Benefits

The backend services which I have implemented will allow the user to register an account, log into it and save favourite locations to their own personal list. They can then access their account on any device at any time. 

The first problem that being able to sign in will solve is that it will mean that after the user is done using the application and have added favourite locations, they could close it and sign in on another device or come back and sign back in later and still have their personalised list of favourites saved instead of their favourites resetting between devices. This solves the issue of their experience using the app being cumbersome as the user does not need to search for the same locations over and over every time, they can add it to their favourites and access it much quicker and easier upon logging in. This enhanced efficiency and usability makes the user's experience more enjoyable and effortless. As well as the benefit of having a more personalised experience by being able to register an account on the app, this also means that people who use the same device as others can share the device and still each have their own favourites list, which wouldn't be possible without these backend services.

The impact these things will have on the customer's business is huge. This application allowing this personalisation is very convenient for users, making them more likely to reuse the app, rather than using other weather apps. This helps to build brand loyalty and helps the customer to retain more users who choose their app over their competitors, increasing profits over time as the Life-Time-Value of customers increases. Furthermore, this customer loyalty to the brand could lead to them using and purchasing other products too, not just the weather app. This also means that DFCorp have increased demand for their products, meaning more revenue and profit. 

Finally, and very importantly, this addition of the backend services allowing for personal accounts will generate valuable data for DFCorp. Data is the most valuable asset of any successful organisation. This data can help inform business decisions, such as analysing the most frequently added locations and using that to decide which businesses to run promotions with at popular locations. This could be in the form of advertising popular hotels at certain locations, for example. This data will allow DFCorp to better their business decisions and strategies to maximise their revenue and profit in ways like these.