One thing that could be implemented in future is to be able to sign up for an account on the app. This would benefit the user as it would allow them to save their favourite locations on their personal account and then be able to log in on different devices to view the same information. This is useful because the user may want to access the application on their mobile, laptop and tablet depending on the situation and if they don't have an account, their information such as favourite locations will not be saved across devices, costing them more time remembering and searching for locations every time they use a new device. The only risk here is that the user's login details may be hacked. As they wouldn't need any personal details to sign up, the risk here is quite low.

Another feature that could be implemented is GPS. The maps in the app could then be used to dynamically give the user directions to reach their destination. This could be very useful because checking how easy it is for them to reach each hotel, for example, could impact their decision on which hotel to book at. However, the risk with this implementation is that the user would be sharing their location with the app, which means that if they were hacked, sensitive information could be shared, which could put their safety at risk.

Another idea for further development is to implement the hotel information in the app but take that a step further and allow the user to book their stay at the hotel. This would be great as it makes this app even more useful to the user, reducing their need to use a different app to book the hotel via. Having everything they need in one app - from info about the weather and hotels to booking their stay - means they need not look elsewhere for any service regarding their travels. The biggest risk with this implementation would be the risk of a hacker retrieving the user's payment details. This would mean that the user may be exposed to the possibility of hackers stealing their bank details and their money as a result. Encryption is very important if this feature were to be deployed.